What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick;
I was going to tell a dead baby joke. But I decided to abort.;
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? His wife is dead.;
Why does Helen Keller hate porcupines? They're painful to look at.;
Why can't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is.;
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a few hours. Set a man on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.;
 I asked a pretty, young homeless woman if I could take her home. She smiled at me and said yes. The look on her face soon changed, however, when I walked off with her cardboard box.;
 My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off tomorrow.;
 My elderly relatives liked to tease me at weddings, saying, "You'll be next!" They soon stopped though, once I started doing the same to them at funerals.;
A blind woman tells her boyfriend that she's seeing someone. It's either really terrible news or really great news.;
I was digging in our garden when I found a chest full of gold coins. I was about to run straight home to tell my wife about it, but then I remembered why I was digging in our garden.;
 "I have good and bad news," the doctor said to his patient. "Give me the good news first," the patient said. "Your test results are back," the doctor said, "and you have only two days to live." "That's the good news?" the patient exclaimed. "What's the bad news?" "I've been trying to reach you for two days.";
 Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face. For instance, when you push them down the stairs.;
My grandfather says I'm too reliant on technology. I called him a hypocrite and unplugged his life support.;
One man's trash is another man's treasure. Wonderful saying, horrible way to find out you were adopted.;
 Two hunters are in the woods when one of them collapses. His hunting buddy immediately calls 911. "My friend isn't breathing," he shouts into the phone. "What should I do?" "Relax," the operator tells him. "I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There's silence, and then a gunshot. The guy gets back on the phone and says, "OK, now what?";
 I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home. So I threw him out. I hate having visitors.;
 "Oh daddy," the kid said. "I love you so much!" "Hey," the man responded. "Until we get the DNA test results, I'm just Harry to you!";
 What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.;
 My son, who's into astronomy, asked me how stars die. "Usually an overdose, son," I told him.;
 What did Kermit the frog say at Jim Henson's funeral?  Nothing.;
 The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.;
 I wish the grass in my back lawn was emo. Then it would cut itself.;
 Never break someone's heart, they only have one. Break their bones instead, they have 206 of them.;
 My girlfriend's dog died, so I tried to cheer her up by getting her an identical one. It just made her more upset. She screamed at me, "What am I supposed to do with two dead dogs?";
 "Knock Knock!" "Who's there?" "It's Dave!" "Dave who?" Dave bursts into tears, realizing that his grandmother's Alzheimers has progressed to the point where she no longer remembers him.;
. If at first you don't succeed… Then skydiving definitely isn't for you. (credit: Steven Wright);
 I bought my blind friend a cheese grater for his birthday. A week later, he told me it was the most violent book he'd ever read.;
 What's yellow and can't swim? A bus full of children.;
 What is black and sticks to a tree? A peeping tom after a forest fire.;
 I'll never forget my Granddad's last words to me just before he died. "Are you still holding the ladder?";
 What gift did the kid with no hands get for his birthday? No idea. He hasn't figured out how to open it yet.;
It turns out a major new study recently found that humans eat more bananas than monkeys. It's true. I can't remember the last time I ate a monkey.;
 What's the difference between me and cancer? My dad didn't beat cancer.;
 I hate double standards. Burn a body at a crematorium, you're "being a respectful friend." Do it at home and you're "destroying evidence.";
A guy walks with a young boy into the woods. The boy turns to him and says, "Hey mister, it's getting really dark and I'm scared." The man replies, "How do you think I feel? I have to walk back alone.";
"I work with animals," the guy says to his date.  "That's so sweet," she replies. "I love a man who cares about animals. Where do you work?" "I'm a butcher," he says.;
Why was the leper hockey game canceled? There was a face off in the corner.;
 Today was a terrible day. My ex got hit by a bus. And I lost my job as a bus driver!;
Where does a girl with one leg work? IHOP.;
 I don't have a carbon footprint. I just drive everywhere.;
 It's important to have a good vocabulary. If I had known the difference between the words 'antidote' and 'anecdote,' one of my good friends would still be alive.;
When ordering food at a restaurant, I asked the waiter how they prepare their chicken. "Nothing special," he explained. "We just tell them they're going to die.";
"Where exactly are you taking me, doctor?" the patient asked. "To the morgue," the doctor replied. "What?" The patient panicked. "But I'm not dead yet!" "And we're not there yet," the doctor said.;
 What's the last thing to go through a fly's head as it hits the windshield of a car going 70 mph? It's butt.;
 How do you blindfold a Chinese person? Put floss over their eyes.;
Just look at the screen reflexion. (tenhle jsem dělal sám :) );
"Nobody thought Mel Gibson could play a Scot but look at him now! Alcoholic and a racist!";
"I think we’re heading for a two state solution. Israel as a solid, Palestine vaporised into a gas.";
[On Donald Trump] "He’s sort of like a pumpkin having a nervous breakdown. He’s like a sort of corrupt tele-evangelist that Columbo would have as a baddie or something.";
"I’m very old now and I’ve got a body like a dropped lasagne. Women now look at my naked body in the same fearful way that pensioners look at snow.";
"It's very hard to tell if the Queen is unhappy with you. She hasn't really cracked a smile since Diana died.";
[On Theresa May] "The worst person at controlling a party since Michael Barrymore.";
"Where is David Cameron now? Probably with chaps from his year at school on an Arms Industry jolly, betting on which blindfolded tramp can successfully cross the surface of a frozen lake.";
[On Jacob Rees-Mogg] "A composite figure drawn from the nightmares of 18th century millworkers. He looks like a Punch cartoon of the first giraffe in England.";
[To audience] "I feel like putting out a public service announcement at the start of the show saying 'in the result of a fire you will all be better looking'.";
"And welcome, a woman who's brainier than Kurt Cobain's garage wall, it's Carol Vorderman!";
"We had the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow this year. A great choice of venue: a place where people think Hepatitis B is a vitamin.";
[On Scottish independence] "David Beckham sent the people of Scotland an open letter. An open letter - because he couldn't work out how to get it into envelope.";
What's the strongest muscle in your mouth? My dick;
How is a woman like a condom?
Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.;
2. What was David Bowie’s last hit?
Probably heroin.;
3. What’s the difference between a joke and two dicks?
You can’t take a joke.;
4. What do you call a deaf gynecologist?
A lip reader.;
5. I hope Death is a woman.
That way it will never come for me.;
6. What did the elephant say to the naked man?
How do you breathe through that tiny thing?;
7. Why do women always have sex with the lights off?
Because they never like to see a man having a good time.;
8. What do you call a cheap circumcision?
A rip off.;
9. What does a woman’s pussy and a chainsaw have in common?
Miss by few inches and you’re in deep shit.;
10. Did you hear about the blind prostitute?
Well, you got to hand it to her.;
11. Men vacuum in the same way that they have sex.
They just put it in and make some noise for 3 minutes before they collapse on the couch and think that their wife should be really happy.;
12. A daughter asked her mother, “Mom, how do you spell ‘scrotum’?”
Her mom replied, “Honey, you should have asked me last night—it was on the tip of my tongue.”;
13. What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Wiped his ass.;
14. Why is being in the military like a blow-job?
The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.;
15. What does tofu and a dildo have in common?
They’re both meat substitutes.;
16. What do girls and noodles have in common?
They both wiggle when you eat them.;
17. How many Emo kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
None, they all sit in the dark and cry.;
18. Why are women like KFC?
After you’ve finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.;
19. How many men does it take to open a beer?
None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.;
20. What do you call an IT teacher who touches up his students?
A PDF File.;
21. What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over?
Doughnuts.;
22. How are women like swimming pools?
They cost a great deal of money to maintain considering the time you spend inside.;
23. How is virginity like a soap bubble?
One prick and it is gone.;
24. I added Paul walker on Xbox…
But he spends all his time on the dashboard.;
25. How did the leper hockey game end?
There was a face off in the corner.;
26. Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners?
Because he can’t do stand up.;
27. Real men don’t wear pink…
They eat it.;
28. How is having fun with a prostitute like bungee jumping?
You’re dead if the rubber breaks.;
29. Why do men always give their jackets to their women when they are cold?
Who wants a blowjob from a woman who is shaking with her teeth?;
30. What do a pizza boy and a gyneocologist have in common?
They both smell it but they can’t eat it.;
31. What do pimps and farmers have in common?
They both need a hoe to stay in business.;
32. How is pubic hair like parsley?
You push it to the side before you start eating.;
33. What do you call a teenage boy who doesn’t masturbate?
A liar.;
34. What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest?
Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.;
35. Why isn’t there a pregnant Barbie doll?
Ken came in another box.;
36. My first high-school football game was a lot like my first time having sex…
I was bloody and sore at the end, but at least my dad came.;
37. What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
She gagged.;
38. What’s the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player?
A hockey player showers after 3 periods.;
39. What’s does Donald Trump’s hair and a thong have in common?
They both barely cover the asshole.;
40. I’ve been taking Viagra for my sunburn.
It doesn’t cure it, but it keeps the sheets off my legs.;
41. What is the best part of a blowjob?
Ten minutes of peace and quiet.;
42. I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay.
She said she didn’t have time.;
43. Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose?
They couldn’t close his casket.;
44. Say what you want about pedophiles…
But at least they drive slow through the school zones.;
45. What’s worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face?
Finding out it was traced.;
46. What is the difference between Michael Jackson and a grocery bag?
One is made of plastic and is dangerous for children to play with. The other is used to carry groceries.;
47. What do you call a little boy with no arms and no legs?
Names.;
48. What do you call a man who cries while he pleasures himself?
A tearjerker.;
49. How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant?
He forgot to wrap his Whopper.;
50. After death, what is the only organ in the female body which remains warm?
My penis.;
Can orphans eat at a family restaurant?;
A woman visits the doctor as she has some abdominal pains and suspects she may be pregnant. After her examination, the doctor comes out to see her: “Well, I hope you like changing nappies/diapers”.
She replies: “Oh my god am I pregnant, am I pregnant!?”
To which he responds: “No, you’ve got bowel cancer.”;
A man went into a library and asked for a book on how to commit suicide. The librarian said: “Fuck off, you won’t bring it back.”;
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side…
(suicide, for those that are slow);
What do you call a blonde in the freezer?
Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.;
What’s blue and doesn’t fit? A dead epileptic.;
So a guy is walking with a young boy into the woods.
Boy “hey mister its getting dark out and I’m scared”
Man “how do you think I feel, I have to walk back alone”;
8.
Why was the leper hockey game cancelled?
There was a face off in the corner;
9.
“Cats have nine lives. Makes them ideal for experimentation.” Jimmy Carr;
10.
My grandmother used to tell us a joke. She’d say “Knock knock”, we’d say “Who’s there?”
Then she’d say “I can’t remember”… and start to cry.;
11.
Why can’t orphans play baseball? They don’t know where home is.;
12.
Where did Lucy go during the bombing?
Everywhere;
13.
I once asked the crowd if they were pro guns and the majority belted out in approval. I asked a man in the front row why he was pro guns and he gave me the basic ‘personal protection liberty 2nd amendment’ hooplah. I very seriously told the crowd, “I’m pro guns because I enjoy living in a world with only 4 Nirvana albums.” My friend was the only one who laughed.;
14.
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? The Holocaust.;
15.
“I’m sorry” and “I apologize” mean the same thing. Except at a funeral.
—Demetri Martin;
16.
A guy sits at a bar in a skyscraper restaurant high above the city. He slams a shot of tequila, goes over to the window and jumps out.
The guy sitting next to him can’t believe what he just saw. He’s more surprised when, 10 minutes later, the same guy walks back into the bar and sits down next to him.
The astonished onlooker asks, “How did you do that? I just saw you jump out the window, and we’re hundreds of feet above the ground!”
The jumper responds by slurring, “Well, I don’t get it either. I slam a shot of tequila, and when I jump out the window, the tequila makes me slow down right before I hit the ground. Watch.” He takes a shot, goes to the window and jumps out.
The other guy runs to the window and watches as the guy falls to just above the sidewalk, slows down and lands softly on his feet. A few minutes later, the jumper walks back into the bar.
The other guy has to try it, too, so he orders a shot of tequila. He slams it and jumps out the window. As he reaches the bottom, he doesn’t slow down at all. SPLAT!
The first guy orders another shot of tequila. The bartender shakes his head. “You’re really an a**hole when you’re drunk, Superman.”;
17.
Dyslexic man walks into a bra.;
18.
I bet my friend $5 that he would drown in the lake.
… A bittersweet victory.;
19.
Q: Why don’t cannibals eat clowns?
A: Because they taste funny!;
20.
Woman delivers baby. Doctor takes the baby, and throws it, smashing around the hospital room, drop-kicking it, etc. Mother starts freaking out, being held back by nurses, begging “WHYYYY!!??”. Doctor holds baby upside down by the ankle and says “I’m just fucking with you, it was born dead”.;
21.
After a long labour, a doctor approaches the new mother and says, “Ma’am, I’ve got some good news, and some bad news. What would you like?” After quickly thinking it over, she responds, “I’ll have the bad news first doctor”.
The doctor replies, “We’ll, I’m not sure how to put this, and I’m sorry to have to tell you, your child has red hair”.
Relieved, a smile spreads across the mother face. “Doctor, if that’s the bad news, what’s the good news”. The doctor replies, “He’s dead”.;
22.
Why do orphans like playing tennis? Because it’s the only love they get.;
100. I was shocked when I found out my toaster was not waterproof.;
93. I started crying when dad was cutting onions. Onions was such a good dog.;
94. My daughter asked me how stars die. “Usually an overdose,” I told her.;
87. My favorite Disney movie is The Hunchback of Notre Dame. I love a hero with a twisted back story.;
72. What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn’t matter what you call him, he won’t come anyway.;
65. You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.;
62. What did the woman with no hands get for Christmas? No idea. She hasn’t opened her present yet.;
58. What’s the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.;
54. What is the difference between Iron man and Iron Woman? One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.;
48. Why can’t Michael Jackson go within 500 meters of a school? Because he’s dead.;
46. I made a website for orphans. It doesn’t have a home page.;
39. I have many jokes about unemployed people, sadly none of them work.;
35. How many emo kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they all sit in the dark and cry.;
24. When does a joke become a dad joke? When it leaves you and never comes back.;
20. Want to know how you make any salad into a caesar salad? Stab it twenty-three times.;
12. My mom died when we couldn’t remember her blood type. As she died, she kept telling us to “be positive,” but it’s hard without her.;
6. I was digging in our garden and found a chest full of gold coins. I wanted to run straight home to tell my wife about it. Then I remembered why I was digging in our garden.;



